doc: reorganized "Contributing to Node.js" (#27740)
nodejs/node: doc/guides/contributing/issues.md

# Issues

* [How to Contribute in Issues](#how-to-contribute-in-issues)

> * [New to Node](#new-to-node)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [New to Node.js](#new-to-node-js)
```

1. By opening the issue for discussion: For instance, if you believe that you
   have uncovered a bug in Node.js, creating a new issue in the `nodejs/node`
   issue tracker is the way to report it.

> 2. We also have a  #node-dev channel on freenode.net if you have questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Checkout the `#node-dev` channel on [freenode](https://webchat.freenode.net/) if you have any questions.
```

## New to Node.js

> 1. View the issues page filtered by the [good first issue](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Filter the issues using the [good first issue](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) label.
```

1. By opening the issue for discussion: For instance, if you believe that you
   have uncovered a bug in Node.js, creating a new issue in the `nodejs/node`
   issue tracker is the way to report it.
2. We also have a  #node-dev channel on freenode.net if you have questions.

> ## New to Node

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## New to Node.js
```

> For for those that are new to node:

Reviewer 2: Remove this sentence? Doesn't seem to add anything....

> 1. You can view our issues page filtered by "[good first issue](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)" 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. View the issues page filtered by the [good first issue](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) label.
```

For for those that are new to node:

> 1. You can view our issues page filtered by "[good first issue](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)" 

Reviewer 3: Nice work

Author: Thanks, any suggestion on fixing the commit message?
